38

age without having heards‚ they counterfeit thern
with paint, by drawing lines of various colors
from the extremities of tha lips to the ears. They
generally have. black hair, which they carry round
ina knot to the left ear, and fasten witha band,
adding some ornament, which is in estimation
amongthem. Some of them wear on their fore·

- headstheufigure of a fish‚' mado of copper. They

adornithcir necks with 'glass beatis, strung on a
thread like nccklaces3 though these beads are get·
ting to be less'valucd among'them and less useful
for trade.

They arc clothcd, for the most partin decr skins
or some similar kind of covering, which hangs down
behind like a cloak. They wear aprons round the
middle, and leave the rest of the body nakcd. The
young boys and girls go about with nothing on
them. The soles of their feet are as hard as horn,
and they troad on thorns and briers without being
hurt. · Their arms arc bOWS, and arrows three feet

’ long, tipped with stag’s horn, or awhite fiint sharp-

encd at the end They shoot these with· such skill
that they can stand off and hit a sparrow in the
middle; andin order to become cxpert by practice,
they throw a spcar up in the air, and then send
Ι an arrow from the bow string and drive it into the

spear before it falls. But since they do not string .

the bow very tight‚ they cannot hit a mark at
a great dista-nec. They live by means of these

 

