48

things, and to consider nothing but heavenly
things; because most men are rnore in love, as it
were, with pleasures, honora, ond riches, (than
with the Glory of chriseu) it was ordained by
some hidden influence, or rather by the manifest

(and) wonderful wisdom of God, that this one
enterprise should offer to men every kind of in·

¹ dueement and reward.

lt is acknowledged that the situation of the
country is excellent and very convenient, as it
extends to the 38th or ooth degree oi latitudo, and
is in location and climate not unlike Spain, Sicily,
Jerusalem, and the hest parts of Arabia Felix.

The climate is serene and mild, not oppressively
hot like that of Florida and old virginio, nor

bitter cold like thet of New England: hut pree
serves, so to speak, a middle temperature between
the two, and so enjoys the advantages, and escapes
the evils, of each. On the east it is washed by the
ocean3 on the west it horders upon an almost
boundless continent, which extends into the Ohinese
Sea. There are two very large arms oi the sea,
both of them bays abounding in fish3 one of these,
named the Ches-peack, is 1300 paces wide, and
spread out between two districts, runs northward a

hundred and sixty miles It is navigable for ¹

large ships, and is interspersed with various large
islands suitable for grazing3 and at these islanda

can be caught, in the greatest abundance, the fish

called stadim>
(¹⁶) Shad.

 

